(There is also info about how to extract DMS and LHA files here)How to use FileSystem?	This newest nifty add-on provides fully functional  access to your Mac's files from AmigaDOS run  inside UAE.	[ YESYESYES!! Finally it is finished! ]	Before starting up:	Do not forget to rename ".uaerc" to "uaerc"..	Edit uaerc file as following;	add:	-m MAC::	Please note the two colons ("MAC::"). For now	filesystem can only accept ":" as its root dir.  Arnaud says this is not a big limitation.. I agree :-D  But I will implement the change root dir feature  later.	Make sure the directories C, Libs, Devs, S, etc. are  in the same directory as the MacUAE program. If they  aren't, you will get Amiga prompt and you wont be  able to do anything.. You could type Resident, to execute  resident commands just for fun..  For resetting, use command-R. Soft-reset wont  activate the filesystem due to some bug in main source  distribution (don't blame me, blame Bernd Schmidt :-D).How do I unpack DMS and LHA files?  There is a lot of ".dms" and ".lha" files you can find on Aminet   (for example, "www.livewire.com.au/aminet"). Here's how to unpack them:  Well, you have the shareware/PD versions of LHA and DMS preinstalled  in your C folder.   To unpack your DMS file, say, Super.DMS:    Copy Super.DMS to MacUAE's folder. (do this in Finder)    Find some .adf file and duplicate it.    Rename the duplicate to "Super.adf"   Start UAE (don't put any disks in).   Wait until workbench loads (the one from the filesystem).   Select "Execute Command" from Workbench menu.   Type "NewCLI".	Then type:	cd MAC:  DMS WRITE Super.DMS TO DF0:  Now insert the Super.adf disk in df0:   Hit enter to decompress..  DMS will inform you about the bootblock, hit enter or whatever.  DMS will start unpacking..  When DMS is done, you have got Super.DMS extracted on Super.adf .  Now you can reboot to try Super.adf out. (use command-R)   For .lha files (file happy.lha for example):		copy file happy.lha to MacUAE's folder. (do this in Finder)	  Start UAE.    Wait until workbench loads.    Double click on MAC volume.    Select "New Drawer" from "Window" menu.    Type "happy".    Select "Execute command" from "Workbench" menu.    Type  "NewCLI".     Then type:     cd MAC:happy     lha x "MAC:happy.lha"     when file is extracted, type "EndCLI".			Double click on "happy" folder.      If you don't see anything, select "Show all files" from "Window" menu.I wont use this freakin' stupid filesystem,I want to turn it off, what do I do?  You will end up in hell for not using my gorgeus port   of UAE filesystem.. Anyway, just put:  -a   before -m option in "uaerc" file.Contact for filesystem Mac implementation:  web-pages:	http://public.srce.hr/~msaric/GDS (my non-UAE stuff)	UAE stuff coming soon...  e-mail:	msaric@tir.com  cc: Marin.Saric@public.srce.hr																	 Have fun : )																				Marin Saric (!ZAJC!/GDS)																				Oct 4 1998; Bloomfield Hills, MI, USA